Add vtgate and vttablet flag to truncate errors sent to client (#12899)
vitessio/vitess: go/flags/endtoend/vtgate.txt

      --vmodule moduleSpec                                               comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging
      --vschema_ddl_authorized_users string                              List of users authorized to execute vschema ddl operations, or '%' to allow all users.
      --vtgate-config-terse-errors                                       prevent bind vars from escaping in returned errors

>       --vtgate-config-truncate-error-len int                             truncate errors sent to client if they are above this value (0 means do not truncate)

Reviewer: Does this rewrite make sense?
```suggestion
      --vtgate-config-truncate-error-len int                             truncate errors sent to client if they are longer than this value (0 means do not truncate)
```

>       --vtgate-config-truncate-error-len int                             truncate errors sent to client if they are longer than this value (0 means do not truncate)

Author: Thanks for the suggestion - I've updated the PR now.
